README.md, before:

# ImeJi (イメージ)

Open-Source Image Server (Backend Side)

###### Also AP Computer Science Principles Create Task Annual Project
Under Development...

---
## Credits 
[Rapidoid](https://github.com/rapidoid/rapidoid) Extremely fast web server implementation

[Hikari](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/) - For fast MySQL Data Storage

[TinyORM](https://github.com/tokuhirom/tinyorm) - MySQL Object Mapper

[Avans](https://github.com/tokuhirom/avans) - Tiny Web Servlet Implementation

[Caffeine](https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine) - Built-in Cache Provider

[Jedis](https://github.com/xetorthio/jedis) - Redis Java Implementation (Cache Provider)

[Jnanoid](https://github.com/aventrix/jnanoid) - Random ID Generator (For Post-IDs)

[fluent-json](https://github.com/BrynCooke/fluent-json) - Fluent Json Builder (I started to use this from 1 year ago <3)

[Gson](https://github.com/google/gson) - Smart Json Tool

[Task Chain](https://github.com/aikar/TaskChain) - My first time to try this but I like this style for tasks

---
## To-Do List
- [ ] Finish the WebApp
- [ ] Account Registrations
- [ ] Finish the Web API
- [ ] Prepare for the Front-End
- [ ] Optimize the code

Commit message:

Started front end Finished authorization Optimized some code Used a new method for fetching and verifications

README.md, after:

# ImeJi (イメージ)

Open-Source Image Server

###### Also AP Computer Science Principles Create Task Annual Project
Under Development...

---
## Credits (Backend)
[Rapidoid](https://github.com/rapidoid/rapidoid) Extremely fast web server implementation

[Hikari](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/) - For fast MySQL Data Storage

[TinyORM](https://github.com/tokuhirom/tinyorm) - MySQL Object Mapper

[Avans](https://github.com/tokuhirom/avans) - Tiny Web Servlet Implementation

[Caffeine](https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine) - Built-in Cache Provider

[Jedis](https://github.com/xetorthio/jedis) - Redis Java Implementation (Cache Provider)

[Jnanoid](https://github.com/aventrix/jnanoid) - Random ID Generator (For Post-IDs)

[fluent-json](https://github.com/BrynCooke/fluent-json) - Fluent Json Builder (I started to use this from 1 year ago <3)

[Gson](https://github.com/google/gson) - Smart Json Tool 

[Task Chain](https://github.com/aikar/TaskChain) - My first time to try this but I like this style for tasks

---

## Credits (Frontend)
[FilePond](https://pqina.nl/filepond/) - Seems like the best file upload script for me

[Doka.js](https://pqina.nl/doka/) - Image editor (Extension, not included in project)

[jQuery](https://jquery.com/) - Nah

[BootStrap](https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/) - lol

---

## To-Do List
- [ ] Finish the WebApp
- [X] Finish the Web API
- [X] Prepare for the Front-End
- [X] Solve the authorization issue
- [ ] Optimize the code
